Replace your text here, this is a sample - 
Everything went well.		Developing research questions and how to grow as a researcher 
Everything went well, the time works for me, the presentation/sharing are great~	Already amazing, I did not see any improvement from my end.	Any topic about research, teaching is great. Maybe some grant writing section in the future, if possible.
Loved the applied experiential knowledge presented as examples throughout SO valuable 	Maybe a little more interactive	Indigenous and other racial/ethnic center measurement approaches
The presenters were very knowledgeable about the presentation topic and made it very easy to follow along, participate, and reflect upon past experiences. I also really enjoyed the directness of the presenters when discussing topics like volunteering to be a TA but recognizing that it might come at the cost of unpaid labor (and pros or cons of doing it), etc. Overall a great session, I learned a lot!		Tips for writing research grants
Dr. Lee and Dr. Randall provided information and examples that we can apply when applying for jobs in the academy.	NA - it was helpful exactly as it was. If anything, there could be a Part II where we draft our teaching philosophies and receive feedback.	The job talk - if we should be lucky enough to be a finalist for a position, there is generally some sort of presentation that we make. It would be helpful to walk through that process. 
I liked the Q&A session	I really liked everything	how to write a good research interest
Examples presented by Dr.Jennifer Randall	Relating to African situation	Proposal writing for grants,  Conducting and Writing of research/papers for quality Journals 
Everything 	NA	Post doc/ psychometric internships
The presenters provided sample teaching statements, which are very helpful. Tips for creating syllabi are very practical. I really appreciated the presenters for sharing all the helpful tips in their teaching. Those cannot be found in any textbooks.		How to prepare for job interview and job talk in academia and industry.
The information was organized well and the session was very engaging.
